## Prerequisits (one time)

# Requirements

- Windows 10 with 64 bit 
- Windows 11 with 64 bit operating system 

# How to install on windows 

- The first place to start is the official Docker website(https://www.docker.com/get-started/) from where  download Docker Desktop.
- Run the downloaded installer 
- Configuration
    Mark both options true
- Click Ok and wait a bit
- Restart required
- Docker automatically run Accept License Agreement
- the Docker Desktop window will open. we have selected WSL 2 as our virtualization enginein configuration, we also need to install it. Don’t click Restart just yet!
- Follow the link in the dialog window and download WSL 2.
- Open the installer.
- Click on Next to begin installing the Windows Subsystem for Linux (WSL).
- Restart required

- reference: https://www.linkedin.com/pulse/step-guide-how-install-docker-windows-1011-shashank-abhishek/

## Create a new keypair
This script is used to create a new key pair in the Antelope blockchain.

- docker run -it tonomy_blockchain:easycleos ./create-key.sh

After running the script, it will generate a private key. Store the private key in a very safe place. It will be required for the transact.sh script.

## Sign blockchain transactions
This script is used to make transactions in the Antelope blockchain.

- docker run -it tonomy_blockchain:easycleos ./transact.sh

When prompted, provide the following inputs:

1- Private Key: {{Enter the private key generated by the create-key.sh script}}
2- Blockchain URL: {{Enter the API URL of the Antelope blockchain}}

Then you can type in commands using cleos that will sign transactions. e.g.
cleos transfer gov.tmy opts.tmy 10000.000 LEO "Sending LEO tokens from gov.tmy to ops.tmy account"


## Example
Here's an example of how to create a new key pair and sign a transaction using the scripts mentioned above:

1. docker run -it tonomy_blockchain:easycleos ./create-key.sh
2. docker run -it tonomy_blockchain:easycleos ./transact.sh
    When prompted, 
    Enter Private Key: enter the private key generated in the previous step 
3. alias cleos='cleos -u https://blockchain-api-staging.tonomy.foundation' (change blockchain url accordingly)
4. Use cleos commands For example:
    - To sign transactions:
    cleos transfer ops.tmy gov.tmy "10000.0000 SYS" 

    - Get account information:
    cleos get account gov.tmy

    - Check balance:
    cleos get currency balance eosio.token gov.tmy SYS

For more information on using cleos, refer to the [cleos documentation](https://docs.antelope.io/leap/latest/cleos/).
